Update ROCM ORT doc (#1564)
huggingface/optimum: docs/source/onnxruntime/usage_guides/amdgpu.mdx

## Installation
The following setup installs the ONNX Runtime support with ROCM Execution Provider with ROCm 5.7. 

#### 1 ROCm Installation

Refer to the [ROCm installation guide](https://rocm.docs.amd.com/en/latest/deploy/linux/index.html) to install ROCm 5.7.

#### 2 Installing `onnxruntime-rocm`

> Utilize the provided [Dockerfile](https://github.com/huggingface/optimum-amd/blob/main/docker/onnx-runtime-amd-gpu/Dockerfile) example or perform a local installation from the source since pip wheels are currently unavailable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please use the provided [Dockerfile](https://github.com/huggingface/optimum-amd/blob/main/docker/onnx-runtime-amd-gpu/Dockerfile) example or do a local installation from source since pip wheels are currently unavailable.
```
